	272 Project Ideas
ANDROID MALWARE DETECTION

Introduction to the problem statement
Categorize whether an Android application is malware or not based on Permissions, Receivers, Services and API Calls.

Abstract
With the increase in the number of frauds in tech that have harmed the general public in many perspectives including but not limited to finance, privacy,etc . It is crucial that we come up with techniques to mitigate these. This application would help identify whether an Android application that a user downloads is safe or not. This can help the users from being vulnerable to malicious applications and safeguard android mobile devices from malicious apps thus avoiding any stealing or misuse of the user’s data

Approach
We would use the dataset to train our model to determine whether an android application is malware or not. Once the model is trained we would build an application around the model which would take as input the permissions the app requests, api calls the app makes per second, etc. and then categorize the app as malware or not.

Persona(s)

The persona(s) or target users would be the general public which can check the validity of the Android application they want to download before they download it using this application. Also developers and companies which can ban applications which are termed as malware.

Dataset links (if any)
https://datasetsearch.research.google.com/search?src=0&query=android%20malware&docid=L2cvMTFyZnZxYjV4cQ%3D%3D


Success Prediction Of E-Vehicle Launch in An Area
Intro
This project would predict the success of an electric vehicle launch in a specific area based on certain factor like income to expense ratio,installation costs etc.
Abstract
Electric Vehicles’ market has showed continued growth and opportunities over the last few years and is expected to sustain in long run. But since the market sales are very fluctuating, for instance, after an encouraging start of E-Vehicle’s sale in 2019, the United States market had a disappointing second half of the year, through this project we aim to take approaches to seize opportunities and reduce business failure risks. By examining the current state of the E-Vehicles market and noting the many factors fostering growth, this project will draw conclusions about how the market will take shape over the next decade.
Our goal is to exploit the datasets such as income to expense ratio, how much distance people usually travel, cost to installations vs profit etc, to reach the prediction of the E-Vehicles success rate.
Approach
 We will use dataset to train our model to determine whether launching E-Vehicle in the particular area would be successful. Post model training we will build a dashboard where user will specify areas for launching E-vehicles and then predict the success rate of launch.
Persona(s)
Investors: make judgements based on the prediction result whether to invest in that area. 
Dataset links (if any)
Searching for a unified data set for the following:
Income/expense ratio, advancement in the area, travel distance, installation rates, other E-Vehicle market in that area etc.
 
Programming Language Selection
Introduction
The project aims at selecting best possible programming languages based on the project requirement.
Description
Software development is a continual decision-making process that heavily relies on the experience and intuition of the software engineer. One of the most important decisions to make in the early phases of the process is which programming language is most suited to the project objectives. A lot of factors, including developer availability and consistent documentation, as well as potential programming languages on the market, contribute to a difficult decision-making process. To study the selection problem utilizing systematic identification and evaluation of potential alternatives for a development project, a decision model is necessary.
 
Approach
We use the data set generated by case studies done at seven software development companies.
 
User Base
The target users are the company project teams that are going to start new project or refactor the new codebase.
 
Data Link
https://datasetsearch.research.google.com/search?query=programming%20language&docid=L2cvMTFyZzA3OXh6dA%3D%3D
 

